Hey sister
Drink that morning
This is what you said. Lu Xuan is very busy.
Why do I have to see
you
I don't understand.
Between us
Is everything fake?
I liked you
I am interested in you
But you chose someone else
Mr. Lu
Come back to Switzerland with me, Mr. Lu, I can't ask for it
I don't want to leave yet, I want to continue watching our lovers
one after another
I really don't understand why this is happening.
I'm worried that my brother is wrong
It's wrong to turn back to the fire
It's wrong to try to save people
What about you? You abandoned me like this
Are you right?
I see.
We are still not suitable
I won't come to you again
Others don't understand you
I understand you.
People don't care about you.
I care about you.
Will you marry me?
Come with me to America
Lu Zi
Sun Luzi roll
Roll for me
Not good, Mr. Lu
Miss Tang
What does Miss Tang have to do with me here?
Miss Tang agreed to Director Du's marriage proposal